lications. It's crucial to ensure that only trusted apps are granted these permissions and to monitor activity for any unusual access.

You said:

xan we look at what it is doing right now as I look through this site - say 10 min

ChatGPT said:

To check what's actively happening on your Mac, particularly regarding system resources (such as camera or microphone access) while you're browsing a site, we can use terminal commands to track activity for the next 10 minutes.

Follow these steps to monitor activity in real-time:

Open Terminal
: (You already have it open)

Monitor the System Log
: To track any camera or microphone access, we can use the 
log
 command to filter logs related to camera and microphone usage. This command will show logs from the last 10 minutes.

Run this command in the Terminal:

bash

Copy

log

 show --predicate 

'eventMessage contains "camera" OR eventMessage contains "microphone"'

 --last 10m --info

--predicate

 filters logs to look for any messages containing 
"camera"
 or 
"microphone"
.

--last 10m

 ensures you're seeing only the last 10 minutes of logs.

This will display logs related to your camera or microphone activity from the last 10 minutes.

Real-Time Monitoring
: If you'd like real-time monitoring of all logs (not just limited to camera and microphone), you can run:

bash

Copy

log

 stream --predicate 

'eventMessage contains "camera" OR eventMessage contains "microphone"'

 --info

This will continuously show log data related to camera and microphone access as long as you're running the command. To stop, press 
CTRL+C
.

Check Active Processes
: To track active processes during this period, you can also use the 
top
 command:

bash

Copy

top -l 1 -n 10

This command will display a snapshot of system processes and resource usage (e.g., CPU, memory) in real-time. Run it every few seconds for an updated view.

If you see suspicious processes or unexpected usage, it could indicate unauthorized access.

Feel free to let me know if you need further guidance based on what you're seeing in the logs.

Tools

ChatGPT can make mistakes. OpenAI doesn't use Intelligence Unbound Stephen 8ken 🔃🎵🔀 workspace data to train its models.