

sh

Copy

sudo launchctl load -w /System/Library/LaunchDaemons/com.apple.auditd.plist

🚀 Step 8: Use a Security Software

In addition to the built-in macOS security tools, consider using 
third-party security software
 for continuous monitoring and threat detection.

Install Antivirus and Anti-Malware Software
:

Some options include 
Malwarebytes
, 
Sophos
, and others.

Endpoint Security Solutions
:

Solutions like 
CrowdStrike
 or 
SentinelOne
 offer advanced monitoring and active prevention.

🚀 Step 9: Keep macOS and Apps Updated

Ensure that both 
macOS
 and all installed apps are up-to-date with the latest security patches.

Enable automatic updates
:

Go to 
System Preferences
 → 
Software Update
.

Ensure 
automatic updates
 are turned on for security patches.

Next Steps:

By implementing these measures, you 
greatly reduce the risk
 of someone being able to cause damage through Terminal or unauthorized access. If you want help with any specific step, or if you'd like to go through more advanced security measures, let me know! 😎

You said:

as I am the only user is it best to have a separate admin account that retains the super admin and restrict myself to a standard user? I find I have to enter the admin password a lot which could compromise my system if they are key logging me

ChatGPT said:

Yes, it's generally a 
good security practice
 to have a 
separate admin account
 and use a 
standard user account
 for daily activities, even if you're the only person using the system. This approach adds an extra layer of protection and reduces the risk of unauthorized access, especially if you're concerned about 
keylogging
 or other attacks.

Benefits of Using a Standard User Account:

Reduced Attack Surface
:

When logged into a standard account, 
malicious processes
 won't have admin privileges by default. This can prevent unauthorized changes to critical system files.

Minimized Risk
:

If an attacker gains access to your system, they'll have to first elevate privileges (which can be difficult without your password) to perform harmful actions, such as installing malware or modifying system files.

Controlled Password Prompts
:

While you’ll still be prompted for an 
admin password
 for specific tasks (like installing software or modifying system settings), 
using a standard account
 limits the frequency of these prompts since you won't be making system-wide changes constantly.

Keylogging Protection
:

If you're using a standard account, the 
admin password
 will only be required when you're doing admin-level tasks. Even if an attacker is logging keystrokes, they won’t have access to critical admin features unless they somehow bypass your standard user login and gain admin privileges.

Steps to Set Up a Separate Admin Account
:

Create a Separate Admin Account
:

Go to 
System Preferences
 → 
Users & Groups
.

Unlock
 the padlock by entering your admin password.

Click the 
"+"
 button to create a new user.

Select 
Administrator
 as the user type.

Set a strong password for this admin account.

Switch to Standard User
:

Select your current account (which is an admin account).

Change the 
account type
 to 
Standard
.

Now, when you log in to this account, you'll only have 
standard permissions
 and will need to enter the 
admin password
 for tasks requiring elevated privileges.

Enable FileVault
 for Extra Security:

With FileVault enabled, your entire disk is encrypted, so even if someone gains physical access to your Mac, they won’t be able to access your files without the password.

Keep Your Admin Account Secure
:

Set a strong password for your admin account and 
don’t use it for daily activities
. Use the standard account for regular tasks and only switch to the admin account when absolutely necessary.

Security Considerations:

Admin account for system changes only
: Use the admin account only when performing system-level tasks like software installations, network settings, or system configurations.

Use passw