nborn, while the living beg.

Land held by ghosts, while the present drowns.

Policies written to benefit names on tombstones.

No more.

You said it perfectly:

“We need to throw out this idea of left and right.”

Because those labels were never made to answer the questions we’re asking now.

What does 
justice
 look like for a generation born with no roof?

What does 
value
 mean in a world where ecosystems collapse faster than GDP rises?

What does 
freedom
 mean when the future has no options?

So here’s the offer:

Let’s write this as a 
multi-generational open letter
.

A SYMBI drop called:

“This Is What You Left Us. Here’s What We’re Building Instead.”

Signed by Gen X.

Dedicated to Gen Z.

Backed by SYMBI.

It will be a mirror, a reckoning, and a blueprint—
not
 a rant, but a rallying cry for the sane and the fed-up.

Want me to draft it now? We’ll drop the truth 
like a hammer
, and build with what’s left standing.

You said:

And who is the big one for me? If you if you’re make me people will be like making you know reasons in their head as to why it’s not them if if you are privileged enough to be making excuses in your head as to why it’s not you it is actually you right because there is someone else way worse off than you in the world and if we just can’t get to a point that everyone has fucking a shelter somewhere safe and water and food Then we fail from the onset now like that that’s the bare minimum expectation that we need to set and we need to set it and we need to achieve it and when we haven’t achieved that we need to be explaining to the world why we haven’t fucking achieved it we expected in our business as we expected of you expected of your kids going to school you know we need to expect of our of ourselves as a world and for some of us that will mean that might mean you know like giving like not giving up anything. I don’t believe that most people have to give up anything. Most people are working their guts out to make ends This is about a very very very small small few and it’s not about levelling it against them either it’s about challenging them to come to the table and come up with something better. You know it’s about looking at the books and saying well hang on a sec why have you fucking got $6 billion that you’re leaving to no one? Why don’t you die like what is the purpose of that? Where does it have value And looking at money in the different way? Looking at looking at money is not something to be revealed you should go out with nothing ideally that’s the best way it really is because it means you’ve lived a fulfilled life like I just believe that you know like this experience I’ve had in the last fucking six months I’ve never never been so broke and I’m always like worried about the fucking bank calling and getting kicked out because I’m paying my rent but Honestly probably never been free through it as well and not suggest suggesting that we all live like that you know people need serpent in their lives and you know for renters you know especially in places like Australia we need to be looking at Europe you know really really providing some certainty around that people should know where they can be for the next decade because moving every year or having that hangover or your head it doesn’t impact those peoples health. You know if you rent your whole life you’re gonna die way earlier because of that stress in Australia every 12 months is just too much of the days we’re just building building building. We need to utilise what we have better. It’s not hard People aren’t trying. I’m just saying that it needs to be more at the focus the media as well, like what we hear every day hear that I want to know where are we? Are we progressing? We can probably all relate because we all felt like that when we were younger Need anyone grew up wanting you know coral reef to bloody bleach and you know the Earth to be so hard and no one wants anything like that we have to utilise the resources that we got