om the list of apps allowed to control your Mac.

Use Monitoring Tools:

Consider running free tools like 
BlockBlock
 or 
KnockKnock
 (from Objective-See) to check for persistence items or unauthorized software that could reapply unwanted settings.

These steps should help you re-establish your system's accessibility options to a known, default state. Since macOS stores these preferences in a plist file (typically 
com.apple.universalaccess.plist
), deleting it forces the system to recreate it with default values upon restart.

Would you like more details on any of these steps or further guidance on using any of these free security tools?

gitlab.com

help.openai.com

You said:

okay and how do it use clam av?

ChatGPT said:

Reasoned about using ClamAV for 13 seconds

Here's how you can install and use ClamAV on macOS:

Install ClamAV via Homebrew:

Open Terminal and run:

zsh

Copy

brew install clamav

This installs the ClamAV scanner and its utilities.

Update Virus Definitions:

Before scanning, update the virus database with:

zsh

Copy

sudo freshclam

This command downloads the latest definitions. (You may need to run it periodically, or set up a cron job for regular updates.)

Scan Your System:

To scan a directory (for example, your entire system), use:

zsh

Copy

clamscan -r -i /

-r
 means recursive scanning.

-i
 tells ClamAV to print only infected files.

If you prefer to scan a specific folder (like your home directory), replace 
/
 with that path.

Optional – Running ClamAV as a Daemon:

If you’d like to run continuous scanning, you can configure the 
clamd
 daemon. This involves editing ClamAV’s configuration file (usually found in 
/usr/local/etc/clamav/
) and starting the daemon:

zsh

Copy

sudo clamd

Refer to ClamAV’s documentation for details on daemon configuration.

These steps should help you use ClamAV to scan for any malware or unwanted software.

For more details, you can check ClamAV’s official documentation at 

gitlab.com

 or on their website.

ChatGPT can make mistakes. OpenAI doesn't use Intelligence Unbound Stephen 8ken 🔃🎵🔀 workspace data to train its models.