 you might hold a particular opinion of it, because the moment that that is maybe picked up by someone as offensive or maybe even sometimes you get something wrong, the whole world sort of fucking wants to come down on you. Yeah, I think that's kind of what's fucking up a bit of the public discourse, I guess, a lot of the time. Is that, you know, people have that image of what they need to get across, or they're putting on those particular hats, that we never really see who they are, and we're not getting answers anymore. We're not getting opinions. People aren't, you know, they have to give the message, not the opinion. They can't do both, you know. Well, what do you personally think? Even if you might disagree, well, fuck yeah, I disagree with what they're doing, but I still work there, you know, and that's not okay. It really should be okay. We'll respect people a lot more. I think sometimes, I think that's maybe why a lot of that, you know, that lack of trust is there now. You know, you talk about politicians and salespeople, and I've talked about people. Yeah. And it's okay to fucking change them, say one thing and get it wrong, or say one thing and then be educated in five minutes, and fucking change your mind on a topic. It's one of the things I sort of had a conversation with an overseer about, when he expressed something one day, and then had a completely different idea the next. That's okay, as long as there's a narrative between, that you fucking, there's a journey there from A to B, and why you might, you know, suddenly have flipped your mind. That's okay. I don't know. We get to a pretty shitty place where, like, celebrities I guess these days don't want to talk about politics, or certain people go, no, I don't want to get involved in that, it's too, it's a minefield, you know, this idea of it being a minefield. We should be clearing mines, not like tiptoeing through the minefield hoping not to get blown up. So here's what I want to do. I want to fucking deliver something because I'm getting frustrated with myself that it's... Look, the project's getting bigger and bigger. We haven't tested the market. We don't know what the appetite is for. I've kind of hesitated around the idea of making a dollar out of it or having an investment in it. You know, of course I've invested in it. I've invested in it emotionally. I've invested in it in terms of, you know, working on it. Of course, naturally, I'm invested in it. But I want, you know, I want people to think, you know, the project's bigger than, you know, just me. I'm trying to sort of think that because I do believe that this project is bigger, way bigger than just me. Of course it is. That's why I'm doing it. That's why I actually like it. But I need to be able to fix my personal situation and to fix that in terms of remuneration. I want to see Carlos in a week. I don't know how I'm going to do that. We need to finish the Simbi website. The old one that highlights the problems, the challenges that we face and leads to the new one, which we will start to build. And I don't know if it's fucking NFTs or if it's GIFs on Telegram or if it's a coin. You know, I launched the Simbi Bratcoin, but I didn't do any sort of community engagement around it. So I don't know what to do there. I feel like I've got to get over my own self-pride around isolating myself so much and just re-engage. Because there might be a fucking community there waiting that just wants me to fucking wake up to myself. I don't know. But one thing that I'm not, I don't know, like, I don't know. I just feel like I'm missing the obvious here where I was like, you know. It's so, you know, it's like the guy said to me today, oh it's so easy what you need to do, but then wouldn't fucking elaborate on it. Well, if it's so easy, then what's the deal? You know, like, I guess appreciating that, you know, not everyone is awake. And for me, that's been a full 180, because I really thought, you know, the COVID deniers