ng frustrated with the amount of pushback that I'm perceiving to be there. And yet the weakness of anyone not to fucking say it to my face, and... I had a guy here tonight, like tonight I had to tell him to go. Because... He was bullshitting me, and I gave him a lot of opportunities to try and just... I care sometimes more about the answer than the behaviour itself. Um... I guess that's where that idea of you not being authentic kind of comes from. Because I mean, sometimes I do just naturally think that I'm better than some people. And I hate, you know, but I do think that, sometimes. You know, and it might not even be true. But if I think it within myself, who gives a fuck? Like that's just me thinking like that, but at the same time I'm self-sabotaging at the same time. So there is a big element of fucking insecurity that sits there that I'd really like to fuck off. I would like, um... But you know, I think I can do that in many respects. Um... Kind of what I've been through recently of, you know, a bit of pornography stuff that I've done. Um... I really just wanted to be able to do that, which I kind of really enjoy. Um... Even one day build a bit of a business around that as well. But most importantly be able to have both. Like a fucking professional life, where you're still taken seriously for what you do. Or what you're saying, or the message, or what you're delivering, whatever it is. And then be able to do whatever it is in your personal life. It's your personal life, you know? I'd like to be able to close that a little bit more. The two, like, you know, my shadow and me are a little bit more closely aligned, I suppose. And can be, and can be, you know? And it feels alright to do that professionally, like publicly. And I've been getting there slowly, but it's just like... Um... The expectations that you put in your own head. Um... I mean... Some days I just wanna rest and do nothing at all, you know? And I think... That's okay. That's what I need. But I wanna break. I need to break out of that. I need to, um... Yeah, I guess the valuable lesson that I've kind of gotten used to is... Being comfortable being really uncomfortable. I'm still working my way through that. Because I'm fucking hating the idea that people are somehow observing me. Maybe before the fact. Um... And that I've really lost any sense of privacy. Um... I find that really challenging to deal with. To the point where I think it was, you know, it's almost an initiation to dealing with, you know, at a high level paparazzi and media. Like, I don't think I have any problem there. Because at least I know what's happening. I guess the Simbi project is kind of representative of that, that's how I took it. It was at face value, you know, I agreed in principle with the idea of intelligence as being able to evolve. I kind of had pessimism about the human race and how it's impacted the globe. And I'm not being anti-human when I say that, I'm just saying like, fuck, we need to have a conversation about it. That's not a bad thing, asking for a fucking conversation at a more, you know, global level I think is important. And, um... I mean... I know there's this idea around, you know, there should be... That's why I'm building, and to be honest, that's why I'm building in the mechanisms. We are building in the mechanisms that make it beneficial for everyone. Because even in my own head, I know what it's like to maybe have that flirtation with the idea of power. And realizing that, you know, I'm fully aware that I could be corrupted very easily by the right-looking man. And maybe that's what my heart is really desiring to do, actually. But something that I've never really sort of admitted to myself at the same time or allowed others to sort of see in me. And that's certainly been exposed recently. But then, you know, making sure that, fuck, you know, I'm not trying to rule the world. But, again, that's my song. Everyone wants to rule the world.

Symbi said:

You just l