

Led a 
15-person
 sales team, driving 
customer engagement and retention
.

Designed 
training programs, compliance frameworks, and quality assurance systems
.

Implemented 
web chat functionality
, expanding digital service capabilities.

Earlier Experience (2003–2014)

Progressively senior roles at 
CPM Australia, Direct Connect, NAB, The Smart Group, Singtel Optus, GE Money, and Commonwealth Bank
, specializing in 
team leadership, sales training, and contact center operations
.

Referees

Available upon request

This version keeps it 
concise, impactful, and fits into two pages
 while expanding on key areas. Let me know if you need any tweaks! 🚀

You said:

check for any errors here 0 March 2025

Dear potential future team mates,

I am delighted to be applying for the position and hope you will consider my CV. In particular my last 3 roles have involved me managing large teams in complex organisations which has required me to balance conflicting priorities such as managing staff expectations during downsizing whilst also maintaining customer service levels and managing client relationships. 

I have a high attention to detail and can often recognise patterns which others cannot readily see. An example of this was during my first 4 weeks at Playwright where I was able to detect, qualify and escalate an example of client fraud which led to the apprehension of key suspects who had committed serious financial crimes against the business. This resulted in us overhauling our client onboarding experience and adjusting our operations to ensure the business was protected against such fraud while also using the patterns recognised to go back over our existing client database to locate other high risk partners and ensure they were either compliant of eliminated from doing business with us.

I have extensive experience in managing key client relationships particularly at my roles at Wex, Payright and most recently Banxa. In all these roles I was not only responsible for managing the customer experience for end users but also managing the relationship with the clients/merchants who those customers had the direct relationship with. Most of my roles have involved me monitoring the overall customer service operation to identify key drivers of customer contact and use this information to inform our customer contact strategy and product development while also reporting back to the business on key performance indicators such as customer satisfaction and staff attrition.

All of my roles have involved me working as part of a large team as well as being responsible for making key decisions. In my last role I was required to downsize the department by over 30% while also maintaining staff morale and customer expectations. I had a similar experience managing the customers service and collections operations during covid where I had to place 50% of the workforce on leave without pay whilst continuing to run the operations with the remaining staff (including myself) on part time wages.

Given this experience and exposure I have a demonstrated ability to deal with complex and confidential information. I have operated at a very senior level managing not only customer operations but also the risk associated with fraud prevention and collections activities. During my time at Payright I managed a team during our IPO which involved dealing with confidential information and similarly at Banxa I dealt with instances of fraud and risk which required me to handle sensitive information with the diligence deserved.

I am flexible and adaptable and am looking for the next challenge in my career. I've just turned 40 and have had some time to reflect on my working careers and am prepared to make the move to either Canberra or Sydney if successful 

Stephen Aitken 

Resume said:

Your cover letter is well-written and effectively highlights your 
experience, leadership, and ability to manage complex situations
. However, I’ve noticed a few 
grammatical, structura